==========================
Plone templates for mr.bob
==========================

This distribution contains some templates to use with `mr.bob
<http://mrbob.readthedocs.org>`_.


Templates
=========

The primary focus is creating a small set of high quality templates for plone
development. The first ones on the list are:

* basic distribution template (a two namespaces distribution).
* buildout template (with all the bells and whistles for development and
  testing.
* diazo theme template.


plone_basic
-----------

* Creates the distribution folder structure
* profiles folder and files within it
* Set ups setup.py and other top level files (LICENSE, HISTORY.rst, README.rst)
* general configure.zcml
* locales folder
* browser folder
* setuphandlers.py
* permissions.zcml with a dummy permission
* upgrades.zcml and upgrades.py
* interfaces.py
* testing.py and tests folder
* minimal buildout with develop, testing and coverage report
* travis-ci integration

What's missing:

* resources folder (static folder registered with grok)
* jbot overrides folder XXX override something like the portal logo or so
* top level docs folder (?)
* add tests that check the resource folder
* add tests that check the browser view
* add tests that check the jbot override


plone_buildout
--------------

Not even started, contributions welcome.


plone_theme
-----------

Same here as `plone_buildout`, contributions welcome.


Code and contributions
======================

Code is hosted on a `github <https://github.com/gforcada/bobtemplates.plone>`_
repository, so fork away and make pull requests to improve it.

Contributions, with patches and/or suggestions, are always welcome.


Code conventions
================

Being picky as I am, everything code on the distribution and generated by the
templates should pass pep8, pyflakes, contain no superfluous spaces and any
tab at all anywhere. Life is better when it's free from distractions.
